Add !unlink command (#1298)
matrix-org/matrix-appservice-irc: docs/admin_room.md

You must invite the bridge bot into the Matrix room for this to work.

> ### `!unlink`

Reviewer: :star2:  for docs!

`!unlink !room:example.com irc.network.net #channel`

*This command only works for moderators of a bridged Matrix room and bridge administrators*

> This command allows you to unlink a IRC channel from a room without using the HTTP provisioning API. For bridge
> administrators this command does NOT validate that you have permission to do this on the IRC channel so please
> take care to ensure that the IRC channel is aware of your actions.

Reviewer: I'd just describe what it does rather than mentioning the provis API at all.

```suggestion
This command allows you to unlink a IRC channel from a room. Users are only able to remove links for rooms they are a moderator in (power level of 50 or greater). Administrators of the bridge are able to remove links from any room.
```
